Release 1.0.0-rc6 (#179)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: packages/core/README.md

**Minimum React Native version**: SDK supports React Native version 0.63.4 or higher. Compatibility with older versions is not guaranteed out of the box.

> **Note**: Versions `1.0.0-rc5` and above require having `compileSdkVersion = 31` in your app setup for Android, and this requirement also implies
>  that Build Tools version 31+, Android Gradle Plugin 7+ and Gradle 7+ should be used. You can modify the versions used by changing the values in the `buildscript.ext` block of your app's top-level `build.gradle` file. Having React Native version `0.67+` is also recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions `1.0.0-rc5` and higher require you to have `compileSdkVersion = 31` in the Android application setup, which implies that you should use Build Tools version 31, Android Gradle Plugin version 7, and Gradle version 7 or higher. To modify the versions, change the values in the `buildscript.ext` block of your application's top-level `build.gradle` file. Datadog recommends using React Native version 0.67 or higher.
```
